OVERVIEW
--------

Your task, if you choose to accept, is to implement a "Mini Mode" window
for Banshee that includes playback controls, the volume widget, the seek
and position widgets, and a display for showing cover art and track 
information.

It would also be nice to be able to change sources using a combo box.

There are many widgets that can be re-used in Banshee. It would be best to
reuse at least these widgets, all of which are used by the main interface,
defined in src/PlayerInterface.cs:

	* Banshee.Widgets.SeekSlider
	* Banshee.Widgets.StreamPositionLabel
	* Banshee.Widgets.VolumeButton
	* Banshee.Widgets.CoverArtThumbnail

A glade file is provided for the approximate layout displayed in the mockup.
You may fill in the <suggested widget here> labels, or choose to design 
the "Mini Mode" from scratch.

Most of the implementation can be copied from src/PlayerInterface.cs. I 
estimate that implementing the mockup can be done in around 100-200 lines.

The plugin should also provide a menu item that merges with the View menu
in the main interface to toggle the Mini Mode window. When Mini Mode is
active, the main interface should be hidden, and vise-versa.

BUILDING
--------

Banshee supports plugins in the system directory or a user directory. I
recommend installing a user plugin so no root access is required:

$ ./autogen.sh --enable-user-plugin
$ make
$ make install
$ banshee

For the first time running Banshee after installing the plugin, you will
need to enable it. Go to Edit->Plugins and enable it. To see the boilerplate
working, restart Banshee after you enable it for the first time.

After each code change, just running "make install" and restarting Banshee
will load up the new changes.


"I'M ALL DONE"
--------------

When you are DONE and ready to submit your plugin:

	a) ensure it works :)
	b) run "make dist" (or distcheck, if you know the difference and care)
	c) email the resulting tarball to abockover@novell.com with an 
	   applicable subject; make sure I know your name, etc.
	
Have fun!
--Aaron

